[rum] new billing details page (#10804)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/rum_units.md

---
title: RUM Billing Details

> kind: documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: documentation
beta: true
```

---

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This page corresponds to a feature currently in private beta. Contact your Customer Success Manager to learn more about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features discussed on this page are in private beta. Contact your Customer Success Manager to learn more about it.
```

</div>

A **session** is a user journey on your web application. It expires after either 15 minutes of inactivity, or 4 hours of continuous activity.

> **Mobile RUM Session**: Datadog collects all the screens visited by your end users on your mobile applications (Android, iOS, React Native) along with the telemetry that matters: mobile errors and crashes and resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). All of this is included in the Mobile RUM Session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mobile RUM Session**: Datadog collects all of the screens visited by your end users on your mobile applications (Android, iOS, React Native), along with mobile errors and crashes and resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). All of this is included in the Mobile RUM Session.
```

Author: ```suggestion
**Mobile RUM Session**: Datadog collects all of the screens visited by your end users on your mobile applications (Android, iOS, React Native), along with the telemetry that matters: mobile errors and crashes and resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). All of this is included in the Mobile RUM Session.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **RUM Lite Session**: Datadog collects all the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications along with the telemetry that matters: frontend errors and performance metrics. All of this is included in the RUM Lite Session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**RUM Lite Session**: Datadog collects all of the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications, frontend errors, and performance metrics. All of this is included in the RUM Lite Session.
```

Author: ```suggestion
**RUM Lite Session**: Datadog collects all of the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications along with the telemetry that matters: frontend errors and performance metrics. All of this is included in the RUM Lite Session.
```

> **RUM Replay Session**: Datadog collects all the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications along with the telemetry that matters: frontend errors, performance metrics, resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). You can also collect a replay of the actions of your user, rendering their experience in a film-like fashion. All of this is included in the RUM Replay Session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**RUM Replay Session**: Datadog collects all of the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications, and frontend errors, performance metrics, resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). You can also collect a replay of the actions of your user, rendering their experience in a film-like fashion. All of this is included in the RUM Replay Session.
```

Author: ```suggestion
**RUM Replay Session**: Datadog collects all of the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications along with the telemetry that matters: frontend errors, performance metrics, resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). You can also collect a replay of the actions of your user, rendering their experience in a film-like fashion. All of this is included in the RUM Replay Session.
```

Author: ```suggestion
**RUM Replay Session**: Datadog collects all of the pages visited by your end users on your browser applications, along with the telemetry that matters: frontend errors, performance metrics, resources loading (XHRs, images, CSS files, JS scripts, etc). You can also collect a replay of the actions of your user, rendering their experience in a film-like fashion. All of this is included in the RUM Replay Session.
```
